Update documentation for new AD settings (#4835)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _data-prepper/pipelines/configuration/processors/anomaly-detector.md

| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| `keys` | Yes | A non-ordered `List<String>` that is used as input to the ML algorithm to detect anomalies in the values of the keys in the list. At least one key is required.
| `mode` | Yes | The ML algorithm (or model) used to detect anomalies. You must provide a mode. See [random_cut_forest mode](#random_cut_forest-mode).
| `identification_keys` | No | If provided, anomalies will be detected within each unique instance of this key. For example, providing `ip` here will have anomalies detected seperately for each unique IP address.

> | `cardinality_limit` | No | If using `identification_keys`, a new ML model will be created for every degree of cardinality. This can cause a large amount of memory usage, so setting a limit to the number of models is useful. Defaults to 5000.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `cardinality_limit` | No | If using the `identification_keys` settings, a new ML model will be created for every degree of cardinality. This can cause a large amount of memory usage, so it is helpful to set a limit on the number of models. Default limit is 5000.
```

> | `verbose` | No | By default, the RCF algorithm will alert once on a level shift. For example, if latency is consistently 50-100 and jumps to consistently ~1000, only one anomaly will be detected. Setting `verbose` to `true` will alert many times for such a shift.

Reviewer 2: "RCF algorithm will alert once on a level shift" -> this is too strong. How about "RCF will try to auto learn and reduce the number of anomalies. For example  if latency is consistently 50-100 and jumps to consistently ~1000, only the first few points after the transition will be detected (unless there are other spikes/anomalies). Likewise, for repeated spikes to the same level, RCF will likely eliminate many of the spikes after a few initial ones. The goal of this default setting is to minimize alerts. Setting `verbose` to true will alert consistently on these repeated cases and may be useful in detecting anomalous behavior that lasts an extended period of time.

Author: Made this change, thanks for the suggestion.

> | `verbose` | No | RCF will try to auto learn and reduce the number of anomalies. For example if latency is consistently 50-100 and jumps to consistently ~1000, only the first few points after the transition will be detected (unless there are other spikes/anomalies). Likewise, for repeated spikes to the same level, RCF will likely eliminate many of the spikes after a few initial ones. The goal of this default setting is to minimize alerts. Setting verbose to true will alert consistently on these repeated cases and may be useful in detecting anomalous behavior that lasts an extended period of time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `verbose` | No | RCF will try to automatically learn and reduce the number of anomalies detected. For example, if latency is consistently between 50 and 100, and then suddenly jumps to around 1000, only the first few points after the transition will be detected (unless there are other spikes/anomalies). Similarly, for repeated spikes to the same level, RCF will likely eliminate many of the spikes after a few initial ones. This is because the default setting is to minimize the number of alerts detected. Setting the `verbose` setting to `true` will cause RCF to consistently detect these repeated cases, which may be useful for detecting anomalous behavior that lasts an extended period of time.
```
The term "few" is subjective. Can we be specific?
